[Clang] disallow attributes on void parameters (#124920)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Attribute Changes in Clang
--------------------------

> - Clang now disallows the use of attributes on void parameters. (#GH108819)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now diagnoses use of declaration attributes on void parameters. (#GH108819)
```
